then job answered truly I know it is so
but how can a man be righteous before
God if one wish to contend with him he
could not answer him one time out of a
thousand God is wise and hard and mighty
and strength who has hardened himself
against him in prospect hmm he removes
the mountains and they do not know when
he overturns them in his anchor he
shakes the earth out of its place and
its pillars tremble he commands the Sun
and it does not rise he seals off the
stars he alone spreads out the heavens
and treads on the waves of the sea he
made the bear Orion and the Pleiades and
the chambers of the south he does great
things past finding out yes wonders
without number if he goes by me I do not
see him if he moves past I do not
perceive him if he takes away he who can
hinder him who can say to him what are
you doing she God will not withdraw his
anger allies of the proud lie prostrate
beneath him how then can I answer him
and choose my words to resit with him
for though I were righteous I could not
answer him I would beg mercy of my judge
if I called and he answered me I would
not believe that he was listening to my
voice for he crushes me with a tempest
and multiplies my wound without cause he
will not allow me to catch my breath
kills me with bitterness if it is a
matter of strength indeed he is strong
and if of justice who will appoint my
day in court
though I were righteous my own mouth
would condemn me though I were blameless
it would prove me perverse I am
blameless yet I do not know myself
they despise my life it is all one thing
therefore I say he destroys the
blameless and the wicked if the scourge
slays suddenly he laughs at the plight
of the innocent the earth is given into
the hand of the wicked he covers the
faces of its judges if it is not he who
else could it be
now my days are swifter than a runner
they flee away they see no good they
passed by like Swift ships like an eagle
swooping on its prey if I say I will
forget my complaint I will put off my
sad face and wear a smile open I'm
afraid of all my sufferings I know that
you will not hold me innocent if I am
condemned why then do I labour in vain
if I wash myself with snow water and
cleanse my hands with soap yet you will
plunge me into the pit and my own
clothes will appalled me for he is not a
man's eyes that I may answer him and
that we should go to court together nor
is there any mediator between us who may
lay his hand on us both let him take his
rod away from me and do not let dread of
him terrify me then I would speak and
not fear him but it is not so it mean
you